1.Memory management is not included in the instructions above. Given this setup, what is an intuitive way to solve the problem 
of memory reclamation for thread stacks and thread control blocks? What could we do to avoid excessive allocations and deallocations?

Answer: Best way is by freeing the stack and tcb of the thread when its not needed. In this round robin scheduling approach we also
need to free the ready list which is a queue that thread scheduler uses to start running a thread. When scheduler sees that a ready list is empty
it should free the memory assoiciated with that ready list and it should also free memory of all the thread stacks and tcb. If scheduler sees
that a threads state is done it should free its tcb and stack.

2.When executing scheduler code (e.g. yield, thread_fork, etc), are we running in a thread? Which thread? 
At what precise point can we say we have stopped running one thread's code and started running another?
 This is a deliberately open-ended question; just give your thoughts.
 
Answer:When executing scheduler code we are running the current thread that calls the scheduler code. It is like current thread makes
a call to the scheduler using its stack. Scheduler code sees that current thread wants to yield. So it saves all the registers value
into a data structure called thread control block and saves the value of stack pointer in tcb. Then it starts copying the value of the other
thread it wants to run to those registers and copy the stack pointer value as well from the other threads tcb. Then it says return. It
will return to the location as mentioned in the stack pointer. Since the stack pointer location is referring to the other thread
now it will return to the other thread. Hence other thread starts running now. 

3.What other functionality would you find useful in a threading API? Can you think of a multi-threaded application that you cannot write
 given this simple interface?

Answer: We did not do anything for blocking i/o call. If we are writing some application that involves reading from the disk majority
of the times may be a database application we want to be able to do asynchronous i/o call. So that when we are calling a thread to reading
some value from the disk, instead of blocking the thread by kernel, user level thread library can somehow know that its a blocking read
and it schedules another thread to run.

4. Notice that I have not instructed you to include a prototype for thread_wrap in scheduler.h Why might this be?
Answer: Whatever functions we declare in scheduler header file is accesible to other c files that #include them. If we want to define a
function in scheduler.c and wants to hide other modules from accessing it, we will not declare it in scheduler header file. thread_wrap
is one such function.

5. You may use the provided test program, or write your own. What makes this program a good test? What more could you add?

Answer: I noticed that there is a yield function call inside our initial function, which means its also responsible for switching the
threads. We could add something like a id or something for debugging purposes which could print out which thread we are currently running.


Although I tried freeing memory I could not do it properly and i found some not-freed blocks which i did not know how to free.